Yes Well Hello
I feel good body spills and what is this guy please
It is training to make a Reine jump with volleyball and a big air thief Yes right now
Until
Have left the firm was kuk once you Once you have jumped it one action one of the operation in the air attitude
Better was
If it gets used to it, it's to work place
We think that we want to say in the form of 3 actions
In short it is a continuous jump
In the next jump along the barn in a certain jump again in the barn
I am
However the operation is also different
Please do it in a form that is different from all three
Will help considerably balance is disturbed by the wind in by doing so it
Disturbed not the fact that in terms of keeping the axis can make a stable air attitude is ultimately of stature force
And it will lead to a jump
Yes it's a motion I've put into action
For example, the movement of the front or the movement of spreading
Twisting movement
There were various movements to stretch
At first it is to do two intellect as stable as possible
Because operations such as moving away from the body, such as to match that spread the foot Toka or twist too much
Too below that can be it will be a very difficult
the body's
Same movement on the underground side
+
Put the number and action 3 action
I think that the person who is going to do is good at first
I got used to
For example, in the form of putting in the movement which is equal after putting this movement and opening at the end
A more complex motion
I think that if you can attach it, let's start by constructing similar movements first
If you get used to various movements
I think that it will be more exciting if you combine the movement that it is difficult to enter the next movement in particular
So make a combination with that idea
Yes I think
Thank you very much